docs: Update AssumeReflect.md (#2495)
ucsd-progsys/liquidhaskell: docs/mkDocs/docs/specifications.md

- No support for abstract refinements. All abstract refinements are erased before relational typechecking. Notably, this happens for the standard list `[a]` and tuple `(a, b)` types!

- Limited support for higher-order relational signatures. Use `!=>` instead of `:=>` after the function arguments to enable higher-order checking.

## Lazy Variables

> A variable can be specified as `lazyvar` to defer its checking until it is used. This is useful in cases where a variable is defined in a `where` clause and should only be checked in the context where it is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A definition can be specified as `lazyvar` to have it checked in the environment
where it is used. This is useful in cases where a variable is defined in a
`where` clause but the conditions that make it acceptable are only available in
the use site.
```

For example, consider the following code:

```haskell
{-@ safeDiv :: Int -> {v:Int | v /= 0} -> Int @-}
safeDiv :: Int -> Int -> Int
safeDiv x y
  | y == 0 = help
  | otherwise = x `div` y
  where
    {-@ lazyvar help @-}
    help = error "lol"
```

> In this example, the `lazyvar` annotation on `help` ensures that the check for `help` is deferred until it is used. Without this annotation, LiquidHaskell would incorrectly report an error like `Error: Liquid Type Mismatch`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the `lazyvar` annotation on `help` ensures that the check for `help`
is done only when used in the equation for `y == 0` (which contradicts the precondition
of the second argument to `safeDiv`). Without this annotation, LiquidHaskell would
assume that the `error` could be reached, and would report an error.
```
